
# Product Store

  

This Project was generated by angular CLI.
It's built by using Angular, HTML, CSS and Angular Material.
The Data used is from [dummyjson](https://dummyjson.com)

## Basic Info

-   use  `npm install`  in root folder to install the project dependencies and modules
-   use  `ng serve`  to get the project working and starting on  `localhost:4200`  `ng serve --port xxxx`  can be used to specify port number

## Application Data

The Data are being stored and read from the dummyjson  API.

-   **Product Info** [`Product URL](https://dummyjson.com/docs/products)`.
-   **User Info**  `[User URL](https://dummyjson.com/docs/users)`.


## Project Structure

The Application is built using set of  **components**  and  **services**  which handle the flow of data and UI-design. The  **Components**.

-   **Header**  Component containing Header elements, logic and style.
-   **Cart**  Component containing Cart elements, logic and style.
-   **Login** Component containing Login elements, logic and style.
- -**Product List**  Component containing Product List elements, logic and style.
-   **Product**  Component containing Product elements, logic and style.
-   **Shopping** Component containing Shopping elements, logic and style.

The  **Services**  are made up of three.

-   **HTTP**  Service which retrieves Data from The JSON Files.
-   **UserStore**  Service which handles the application functions such as Login, Signup and  User Data Details.
-   **ProductStore**  Service which handles the application functions such as Product List Retrieval, Filtering by Category, Search Queries..
